[Docs] Recover precise prefix cache-aware well-lit-path (#1272)
llm-d/llm-d: docs/wip-docs-new/well-lit-paths/optimized-baseline.md

> EPP injects awareness of the LLM-workload into the load-balancing layer considering **prefix-cache affinity** and **server load metrics**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The llm-d inference scheduler injects awareness of the LLM-workload into the load-balancing layer considering **prefix-cache affinity** and **server load metrics**.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > This guide demonstrates one approach to prefix- and load-aware scheduling. EPP supports other options as well, including session affinity and active request based scheduling, which make no assumptions about the scheduler's ability to parse the request or probe the servers. See [EPP configuration](../architecture/core/epp/configuration.md) for more details on the available scorers, or [precise prefix-cache-aware routing](precise-prefix-cache-aware.md) for KV-event-driven scoring.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This guide demonstrates one approach to prefix- and load-aware scheduling. Inference scheduler supports other options as well, including session affinity and active request based scheduling, which make no assumptions about the scheduler's ability to parse the request or probe the servers. See [configuration](../architecture/core/epp/configuration.md) for more details on the available scorers, or [precise prefix-cache-aware routing](precise-prefix-cache-aware.md) for KV-event-driven scoring.
```
